faq.md, before:

---
title: FAQ
nav_sort: 2
---

---
 - Q: What is Dokkan Entropy?
    - A: Dokkan Entropy is a private Dokkan Battle sandbox for iOS, iPadOS and ARM/Apple Silicon Macs (By using [PlayCover](https://github.com/PlayCover/PlayCover)).


 - Q: Does Dokkan Entropy Require Jailbreak?
    - A: Nope users do not have to be jailbroken. However jailbroken will not have to install the Dokkan Entropy IPA instead they'll be able to use the offical IPA's and still connect to their servers


 - Q: What about Android?
    - A: Android support will eventually arrive. Currently it is not my priority, but i do plan to tackle android when Entropy Mobile has been publicly released


 - Q: What is Entropy Mobile?
    - A: Essentially it will be this entire project consolidated into one app. The server, patcher, custom creator will all be apart of the IPA. Through the settings app you can choose what you want to load on app launch. The server will be on your app so no PC/Laptop will be needed. Also it will serve on localhost so as long as you don't need to do a an offical game data download then you'll be able to play without internet! You will also be able add Patch sources (similar to cydia tweak sources) to load patches made by others into Dokkan. Entropy mobile is currently in active development and no eta has been stated.


 - Q: In it's current state does Entropy support custom content?
    - A: Absolutely! However it's very manual right now. You have access to the entire asset directory in the files app so you can copy over assets, replace assets, etc... You can also serve the game your custom database through the Entropy Server.


---

Commit message:

updated wiki for mobile beta 0.7.1

faq.md, after:

---
title: FAQ
nav_sort: 2
---

---
 - Q: What is Dokkan Entropy?
    - A: Dokkan Entropy is a private Dokkan Battle sandbox for iOS, iPadOS and ARM/Apple Silicon Macs.


 - Q: Does Dokkan Entropy Require Jailbreak?
    - A: Nope users do not have to be jailbroken. However jailbroken users will not have to install the Dokkan Entropy IPA instead they'll be able to use the offical IPA's and still connect to their servers.


 - Q: What about Android?
    - A: Android support may eventually arrive. Currently it is not my priority, but i do plan to tackle android when Entropy Mobile has been publicly released


 - Q: What is Entropy Mobile?
    - A: Essentially it is this entire project consolidated into one app. The server, patcher, custom creator will all be apart of the IPA. Through the settings app you can choose what you want to load on app launch. The server will be on your app so no PC/Laptop will be needed. Also it serves on localhost so as long as you don't need to do a an offical game data download then you'll be able to play without internet! Eventually You will also be able add Patch sources (similar to cydia tweak sources) to load patches made by others into Dokkan. Entropy mobile is currently in public beta and only the server and limited modifiactions are supported.


 - Q: In it's current state does Entropy support custom content?
    - A: Absolutely! However it's very manual right now. You have access to the entire asset directory in the files app so you can copy over assets, replace assets, etc... You can also serve the game your custom database through the Entropy Server. All the server data is stored in a sqlite database within your apps files called `user.db` open this in a database editor of your choice to apply server side mods/changes.


---
